Adwords migration handling (#40)
fivetran/terraform-provider-fivetran: CHANGELOG.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/),
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [Unreleased](https://github.com/fivetran/terraform-provider-fivetran/compare/v0.4.6...HEAD)

## [0.4.6](https://github.com/fivetran/terraform-provider-fivetran/compare/v0.4.5...v0.4.6) - 2022-06-15

## Compatibility changes

> - Handle `adwords` service migration to `google_ads`

Reviewer: Maybe give a bit more details on what's really changed and how it affects the users? Now it sounds like "we changed something related to adwords and google_ads"

Author: We can write anything you propose to make it more clear

Reviewer: I don't know, maybe something like
> Deprecate the `adwords` service in favor of the new `google_ads` service. All connector creation requests with the service `adwords` will now result in an error.

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/),
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [Unreleased](https://github.com/fivetran/terraform-provider-fivetran/compare/v0.4.6...HEAD)

## [0.4.6](https://github.com/fivetran/terraform-provider-fivetran/compare/v0.4.5...v0.4.6) - 2022-06-15

## Compatibility changes

> - Handle `adwords` service migration to `google_ads` for exisintg connectors. 
> - Deprecate the `adwords` service in favor of the new `google_ads` service. 
> 
> NOT: All connector creation requests with the service `adwords` will now result in an error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Handle `adwords` service migration to `google_ads` for existing connectors. 
- Deprecate the `adwords` service in favor of the new `google_ads` service. 

NOTE: All connector creation requests with the service `adwords` will now result in an error.
```
